I'm not sure what model I would use. I would like the user to be able to create pages only. Then they would just use the already made components. I would picture it would have a left sidebar where pages could be created and below all the components that could be dragged out onto the page where they want it to go.


I already have a LAMP stack VPS so I think SQLite/Postgres would be the way to go. 

I actually have shared IP Cpanel/ LAMP stack account. It doesn't have Postgres installed but I think I could possibly install on my cpanel if I asked my host. I actually have managed LAML stack VPS before and know its possible through WHM.


The reason I am thinking Postgres is because I would like to let the user to register for free/ design their website through the GUI and save the template and data. They could possibly preview the website in a temporary url(like WordPress does but before they 'Publish' they we have to pay a subscription fee.

When the pay the fee they can publish which is a lot of stuff to do. I see this done multistep form. Main things that need to happen on this 'publish form':
 - GitHub Repo is created(GitHub API)
 - Vercel Project is created(Vercel API)
 - Domain is registered(Goddady widget/plugin)
 - Domain is added to Vercel account/ added to projecv (Vercel API)
 - Vercel returns A/ Cname record to be added to Domain DNS (Vercel API)
 - Then Publish button clicked/ markdown for Astro created and pushed to GitHub.

I don't want to many npm run builds to occur which is why I want the user to create the design and content and save on a server before any run builds occur. Even after the original build I am considering only letting users run 5 npm run build in a day.

I'm only thinking this way as these are the applications I am used to use. Do you think this is possible? Is there a better way to do it? I am dping this for commercial usage, do you think its worthwhile trying to builod? Is there any other platform that is doing similar or the same?


I would like the head in the image to have an animation that resembles circuits in the brian morving around. I would also like it to animate glowing on and off. I would like head to say in same perportion of the canvas ie stay the same size in relation to canvas

I would like the image of the face to the bottom animate and glow with different colors. I would like the stars at the top to sparkle like stars do. I would like one very small falling star go across the sky.


Famous quote by Carl Yung
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.

Famous quote by Carl Yung
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes

Famous quote by Carl Yung
No tree can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell.

Famous quote by Carl Yung
Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart


I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become



Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life.

There is no coming to consciousness without pain.






ns1.amcd.com.au
103.11.206.202
ns2.amcd.com.au
103.11.206.203